[Music]
Joey Joey Chandler what are you still
doing here I thought you guys took off
oh no no she took off with my clothes
are you naked in there
not exactly wearing panties you always
wear panties no no this is the first
time about your bad luck the first time
you tried panties and someone walks off
with your clothes I was not trying them
out Susie asked me to wear them let me
see no I'm not letting you or anybody
else
Joey some people don't like that
Chandler's wearing panties
let me see nah she all right what do you
give me on how can you not be wearing
any underwear oh I'm getting heat from
the guy in the hot pink car all right
look Ross I'll give you $50 for your
underpants
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
phoebs gonna have the milk after you I'm
almost done with it
keep your panties on you know I think I
want to write us something about all
this oh yeah yeah oh except one of the
strings on my guitar is broken hey
Chandler can I borrow your g-string to
say that